SURFACED.
NICK VALENCIA HAS IT.
HE JOINS ME NOW.
>> ALL WEEK WE'VE BEEN TELLING
YOU ABOUT BRUCE LEVENSON, THE
HAWKS CONTROLLING OWNER AND AN
INFLANTORY E-MAIL.
THE INVESTIGATION WAS TRIGGERED
BY ANOTHER SET OF CONTROVERSIAL
COMMENTS BY THE TEAM'S GENERAL
MANAGER DANNY FERRY.
HE WAS TALKING ABOUT FREE AGENT
LUAL DENG WHO HAPPENS TO BE FROM
AFRICA.
CNN HAS OBTAINED A PORTION OF
THAT CONFERENCE CALL AND WE WANT
TO PLAY IT FOR YOU SO YOU CAN
LISTEN FOR YOURSELF.
>> HE'LL BE FINE.
HE'S STILL A YOUNG GUY OVERALL.
BUT HE IS ALSO -- HE'S A GOOD
GUY OVERALL BUT HE'S NOT -- HE'S
GOT SOME AFRICA IN HIM AND I
DON'T SAY THAT IN A BAD WAY
OTHER THAN HE'S A GUY THAT --
>> [ BLEEP ] YOU SOUND LIKE
STERLING.
THAT'S GOING TO BE ON TMZ
TONIGHT.
>> BUT HE'S LIKE A GUY WHO WOULD
HAVE A NICE FRONT STORE THAT'S
BEAUTIFUL AND GREAT BUT HE MAY
BE SELLING SOME COUNTERFEIT
STUFF BEHIND HIM.
>> THAT LAUGHTER COMES FROM
MICHAEL GEARON AND YOU CAN HEAR
NOTICEABLE GASPS.
WHETHER OR NOT THIS SHOULD COST
DANNY FERRY HIS JOB, THAT'S UP
FOR DEBATE.
WE HAVE REACHED OUT TO THE
ATLANTA HAWKS FRANCHISE, THEY
HAVE NOT GOTTEN BACK TO US.
CAROL?
>> I'M JUST STUNNED SOMEONE
WOULD SAY SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
ANYWAY --
>> IT IS A CONTROVERSIAL
COMMENT,S ESPECIALLY IF THE WAKE
OF DONALD SISTER LICK'S COMMENTS
EARLIER THIS YEAR.
THE NBA HAS PUT OUT A STATEMENT
THEMSELVES.
ADAM SILVER THE COMMISSIONER OF
THE NATIONAL BASKETBALL
ASSOCIATION SEEMINGLY STANDING
BEHIND DANNY FERRY FOR THE
MOMENT, ANYWAY, CAROL.
HE SAYS "THE DISCIPLINE OF A
TEAM EMPLOYEE IS TYPICALLY
DETERMINED BY THE TEAM AND IN
THIS CASE THE HAWKS HIRED A
PRESTIGIOUS AN LANN A LAW FIRM
TO INVESTIGATE THE CIRCUMSTANCES
OF DANNY FERRY'S